Update SQL timestamp functions and casting operations (#5332)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/query-data/sql/cast-types.md

    - `YYYY-MM-DD 00:00:00`
    - `YYYY-MM-DD`

- **Integers**: Parses the integer as a Unix _second_ timestamp and returns
  the equivalent timestamp.
- **Unsigned integers**: Parses the unsigned integer as a Unix nanosecond timestamp
  and returns the equivalent timestamp.

{{% note %}}
#### Cast Unix nanosecond timestamps to a timestamp type

> To cast a Unixnanosecond timestamp to a timestamp type, first cast the numeric

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To cast a Unix nanosecond timestamp to a timestamp type, first cast the numeric
```
